Huh?
The professor mumbles so much I
can hardly understand him.
(Gina) I'm serious, I think he
does it on purpose.
[Giggles]
Huh?
I know this may sound a bit
crazy.
But will you marry me?
Back off, creep!
Hey, wait!
Hold up a sec!
I just had a vision! It was of
you and me as a happy little
family.
Call it love at first
sight. Or call it fate!
We are destined
to be together.
Doubt it.
Uh. Okay, I know I came off a
bit strong, but you haven't even
really considered it!
Even if my odds were one in a
hundred, that means there's
still a one percent chance!
More like one in a million.
You sure? He is kind of cute.
The odds just aren't in his
favor.
(Friend) You're so harsh, Gina.
Huh?
(Alexander) Gina...
(Narrator) Asimov, reeling
from the effects of Liu's
poison,
(Narrator) risks all to land the
final blow.
(Narrator) Meanwhile,
Alexander's missile highjack has
incited a fierce battle.
(Narrator) Above, an army of
terraformars has overwhelmed the
skies.
(Narrator) To systematically
pick off Squad Three, one by
one.
(Narrator) All to gain access to
the Annex One.
The Annex.
[Gasps]
Huh?
Everyone retreat! She's a
bacteria type!
(Sylvester) Nuclear weapons.
Biological weapons. And chemical
weapons.
(Sylvester) On Earth, their
devastating effects make these
weapons of mass destruction...
solely a last resort.
(Sylvester) It appears the
Chinese government developed a
way to implement them,
in the Mosaic Organ procedure.
(Sylvester) Those bastards! That
explains why Squad Four brought
a civilian girl with zero...
military experience.
Hmm.
[Heavy Breathing]
Hustle it up!
Hurry, move move move!
Alexander!
Bao. Once you have a lock, let
them have it!
(Sylvester) Get out of there!
Hmph!
Be careful, sir.
Uh, did anyone else see that?
(Jet) A trapdoor spider.
(Liu) [Sighs] They're just full
of surprises.
Don't let your guard down.
They're a rather resilient
threat.
(Sniffs)
What's wrong, Berke?
I don't like how these masks
dampen my heightened sense of
smell.
Don't be so paranoid.
Just rely on your sight.
Time to regroup the squad.
Someone retrieve Hong.
[Gasps]
Wait!
We can't just leave
him in there!
Alexander! He's one of
us, we have to go back!
[Grunts]
Who...who did this?
It would seem we're not alone on
this ship.
[Gasps] How is that possible? No
one could survive in here
without a suit!
Whoever it is shows no fear of
the great beyond.
Either that, or we managed to
really piss someone off.
So who are we dealing with?
(Liu) I watched Asimov and Ivan
retreat underground. So that
leaves, Alexander.
Where do you think
he's hiding?
Does he have explosives?
Relax. We're the only ones with
access to explosive materials.
The culprit of your concerns, is
merely a burst fire
extinguisher.
He's only been knocked
unconscious, so settle down
everyone.
Alexander's putting on a little
show, using theatrics to scare
us.
How very Russian of him.
I must admit I'm impressed. He's
making booby traps with only one
hand.
But he's all alone.
And without a suit, our secret
admirer won't have a pulse much
longer.
If he came here knowing that
then he must have a plan.
And I'll be damned if I let him
see it through to the end.
[Grunting]
Dammit.
Don't tell me this is the part
where our hero dies in one last
heroic effort.
This is the end. The odds are
stacked against me.
One in a million...
Oh.
Hey there!
Gina!
Uh.
Well, I'll give you
two some privacy.
Uhh.
You just don't give up.
Does the army pay
you to bother me?
Actually, I'm on extended
leave right now.
Then do us both a
favor and go home.
Your parents must be
worried sick about you.
Doubt it. I've
never met them.
I-I didn't...
Gina!
You must marry me, please!
I've already told you, your
chances with me are one in a
million, Besides, even if I
thought you were serious, and
even if I wanted to,
my father would never let me
marry a Russian soldier.
Of that little fact, I'm more
than a hundred percent certain.
Okay!
If I can get your father's
approval, then will you consider
marrying me?
Alex, I'd like you to
meet my father.
Uh, your father is...
Sylvester Asimov, the invincible
and unstoppable war god?
Yup.
The mortal enemy of
all Russian soldiers.
Hello, I'm...[Grunts]
Hello, again. Apologies about
yesterday.
I shouldn't...[Grunts]
Maybe he thinks you
look like a player.
Good morning Mr.
Asimov...[Grunts]
The short hair isn't
really working for ya.
Ah!
Nice day...[Grunts]
[Groans] He's never going to
speak to me, is he?
Want to give up?
Never! [Crying]
[Inhales]
You're such a goof.
[Gasps]
[Sighs]
Come on, let's patch you up.
Hmm, the Army's injury pay is
very generous.
Good morning...[Grunts]
You're starting to
piss me off!
You're finally speaking
to me.
Get out of here!
Dad, would you just listen to
what he has to say?
I want him out of my house! I
have nothing to say to this man!
Mishka, would it kill you to
have a drink with him?
Huh?
Well, no, but I...
That's enough from you!
[Surprised]
You stubborn grumpy old man!
I can't believe it! They're over
powering him!
Asimov the "Invincible War God,"
Brought to his knees by his own
wife and daughter.
Everything after that is an
exciting blur.
Just as I had imagined, it was
perfect. Despite my baldness.
Alexander, there's something I
need to tell you.
Sir!
Listen closely! As soon as my
grandson can stand I'll be
teaching him Judo!
Sir!
Hmm.
The child hasn't been born and
you're already talking about
training!
Of course! A true warrior's
education begins as soon as...
Nonsense!
Are you thirsty? Why don't I get
you something to drink.
Uh, thank you.
Welcome home, good looking!
Quick! Come feel!
He's being very rambunctious
today! You may need to ground
him.
[Stunned]
(Gina) Is everything okay?
Yeah, I'm fine, it's just...
(Alexander) Is it okay for me to
come in?
(All) Huh?
Of course it is, you bald
goof. We're family now!
[Gasps]
It's okay, come on!
It was like a dream. I finally
had a family of my own.
[Grunting]
Gina...
(President Smiles) I've been
told they won't last two years.
Not just your daughter, but your
grandson as well.
But the country is willing to
help a daughter of Mother
Russia.
We would like to offer you a
chance to save her life.
If you accept, know that the
risk is considerable.
And in doing so, you'll have to
betray your foreign
comrades.
I don't know, Dad.
This doesn't feel right.
(Sylvester) I'm not concerned
with the political
ramifications.
I'm prepared to do
whatever I have to.
I'd be willing to betray the
rest of the world if it meant
saving my family.
There's nothing in this world
more important to me than them.
I accept. I'll do as you ask.
My son's not losing his family a
second time!
Dad...
Dad, I'm going to finish this.
[Gasps] What the hell?
[Gasps]
Where is he?
[Grunts]
Hmph!
Hong! This way!
I'll reclaim the Annex, and save
Gina!
[Gasps] They're all dead? That's
impossible! Rank Seven or not,
he's alone and has one arm!
Hell, the bacteria should have
killed him by now!
What's Rank Seven's procedure
base?
It's a Sumatra Stag Beetle. His
claws are sharper than those of
his boss, the crab,
but they're lighter and can't
regenerate.
Rather unremarkable
if you ask me.
[Gasps]
[Nervous Breathing]
She's only a child!
You're the only one not wearing
protective gear.
Which means you must be the
source of the bacteria.
So long as you're alive
to use your powers,
my squad will never be able to
get close enough to the research
facilities.
I'm not concerned with the
political ramifications.
I'm prepared to do
what I have to.
Russia will get what it needs to
create a vaccine!
I'll do anything! Anything at
all to protect my family!
Come on! Let's head back!
He'll need our help!
No. We'd be walking
into a death trap.
But sir!
That's an order! Keep moving!
[Grunts]
[Inhales]
I'm coming.
I have to.
Put me on your squad.
Please.
My family. It's up to me. I have
to save them!
You're an idiot.
If anything happened to you
Gina would be heart broken.
[Exhales]
Promise me, you'll live.
[Gasps] Sir!
That's an order, soldier!
Yes sir!
Dammit Alexander...
Where is he? Where is the smoke
coming from?
Another fire extinguisher?
No, this is different.
It's the terraformars!
He's burning their internal
organs to generate smoke.
Damn it. If I could
only pick up a scent!
If we want to use our full
powers, we're gonna have to
ditch these suits!
Hong.
[Worried Whimpers]
(Alexander) Just do it. It
doesn't matter that she's a kid.
Do it!
I've got to save Gina!
(Gina) My major? Education.
Early childhood education, to be
precise.
I think kids are just so cute.
Whether they are born here in
Russia, or somewhere else in the
world.
I bet even you were cute once,
before you turned into a muscle
head.
Very very cute.
[Panting]
[Gasps]
[Growls]
Found you!
[Gasps]
Did you think we came all this
way, not prepared to die?
[Grunting]
[Grunts]
Berke, we'll take it from here.
Hiding in the smoke won't save
you now.
My base is the "yellow prawn
goby," giving me an
omni-directional sonar.
There's no where to hide, I will
find you!
Xi, on your right!
On it!
[Grunts]
[Gasps]
It was empty? Who was wearing
it?
[Grunts]
[Grunting]
[Grunts] It's that woman.
The one who can turn invisible!
So she can regenerate her limbs?
She must be some type of
cephalopod.
[Gasps] Are those earrings?
Well then I can at least cut
off her head!
[Gasps]
You're going to regret trying to
interfere with our plans, you
stupid bastard!
[Grunts]
[Inhales]
Abilities like that and she's
only ranked 99? What a joke!
[Groaning]
How long's it been? I need my
protective gear.
[Concerned Gasp]
[Chocking]
Even...Even if I die, I'll get
that vaccine.
I'll kill you all...and tell my
dad the coast is clear!
[Groaning]
(Alexander) Gina...
I'll save Gina...
My wonderful Gina...
My...my family...
Xi!
What's happening to him?
[Whimpering]
Quickly! Just kill us both!
[Panting]
[Gasps]
What the?
[Crying] I'm sorry,
I can't save you.
You idiot, run!
But you don't have to do this!
I don't know anything about you,
and you don't know me...
But please, don't kill Ms.
Chun-Li for trying to protect
me!
[Grunts]
(Jet) Xi...
Put on your protective gear,
it's been over a minute.
[Crying] Huh?
This one...he's done fighting.
He's gone.
(Liu) Our squad has suffered
heavy casualties.
And it appears our reserve
missile platform was sabotaged
as well.
Alexander was far more driven
than I had expected. I
underestimated him.
[Sighs] Today was a disaster.
And yet I can't help but admire
him. Do you understand why?
Well...
Just think about it.
(Liu) He knew he wouldn't
survive.
Even if he managed to retake the
Annex from us,
a cure could not be made in time
to save his dying wife.
He knew the odds, and never gave
up.
I suppose that's what makes
for a great warrior.
A warrior who fights for love,
fights without restraint.
Alexander Asimov had great
strength.
I take no joy in the death of
soldiers like him.
They're a rarity. Their
commitment to their cause is
unmatched.
Those who fall in battle with
courage and honor must be given
their due respect.
Especially when the one
responsible for ending a
soldier's bold crusade,
is oneself.
I hate to interrupt sir, but we
only have one missile launcher
left.
We'll only be able to fire a
single missile at a time.
That gives Squads One and
Two a lot of freedom.
That's certainly not ideal.
What concerns me more is the way
these weapons were destroyed.
Huh?
This couldn't have been done
with any weapon Alexander
possessed.
There's only one weapon on
this forsaken planet,
that's capable of cutting
through a missile launcher...
(Akari) It's know as...The
Hizamaru!